KEP-4222: Add streaming list encode requirement to CBOR KEP. (#5459)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-api-machinery/4222-cbor-serializer/README.md

  custom CBOR behaviors.
- All Kubernetes components have opted out of automatic transcoding to JSON for FieldsV1 and
  RawExtension.

> - List object encoding supports "true" streaming (i.e. buffer size is not proportional to output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collection (list response) encoding supports "true" streaming (i.e. buffer size is not proportional to output
```

The response to a list is, AIUI, a _collection_. And yes, collections have API kinds like PodList. We didn't line up our jargon before the v1 release.
